I dare not praise you too much.
All of this is the work of the gods.
Li Huining, get down.
Father, Your Majesty.
Bow your head and apologize.
Then he himself judged the great sin of the Nine Clans.
I can plead with you.
I'll give you a coffin.
I'm not guilty.
Your Majesty, look at the attitude of this cruel woman.
No intention of repenting.
Please give your order immediately.
Cut down its nine tribes.
Your Majesty, what do you mean?
She's just a rural woman.
And the death of the saint only humiliated the chief princess.
Your Majesty, why don't you let me?
Shut up.
Go.
The mouth
All right.
Come down.
Your Majesty.
Why you
Do you know
Who do you want to kill?